Review tutorial RStudio (#6002)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/galaxy-interface/tutorials/rstudio/tutorial.md

>
> For example, once you have written an RScript, you can run it at any Linux or Windows terminal without the need to start up RStudio. We don't want you to get confused - RStudio runs R, but R is not RStudio.
>

> > For more on running an R Script at the terminal see the dedicated [Software Carpentry lesson](https://bham-carpentries.github.io/r-novice-inflammation/05-cmdline/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more on running an R Script at the terminal see the dedicated [Software Carpentry lesson](https://swcarpentry.github.io/r-novice-inflammation/05-cmdline.html).
```

Reviewer: Was there a reason why you switched the tutorial? I think the swcarpenty location is hosting the more recent Carpentire resources. If there was a reason please ignore the suggestion, if not I would link to the more recent resource.

Author: @teresa-m the current link
https://swcarpentry.github.io/r-novice-inflammation/05-cmdline/
is broken and gives the error Page not found. 
I added the one sounding most suitable that wasn't broken, but wasn't sure it was the best option. 
If you prefer your link, I am happy to add that one as it is working.
